everybody fresh off of the wind that we
had with Azazel last time let's get some
good stuff done you wanna you want to
stay here you want to go Tomo you want
to stay you want to go he wants to use
God took off like a cat out of heck um
alright you know what we're making good
progress what about a cane hardmode
negative delirium mega satan hush we
haven't done hush with cane yet a B WH
and fx9
how did we create blood did you see that
there was like a blood stain in that
room when I shot and paused at the same
time it was very strange as was that
burp that has come out of nowhere but
either way please give me the virus uh
boss I'll tell you what a pill tella
pills us to the arrow room where we get
the virus I was stretching a little bit
there that was probably like a 1 in
10,000 chance that might only borderline
be an exaggeration but Cain might be the
character that I've played least in the
new save file well obviously I mean you
know you get a half mark if you save a
keeper cuz it's not really what I meant
you get a half mark and you say the loss
cuz he's not even on locked technically
correct is not the best kind of correct
don't let Homer Simpson teach you that
the answer I was looking for was
whichever character I've actually played
as the least of the ones that are like
default are unlocked quickly because
Cain you know II he's kind of like he
got killed with kindness he's really fun
and relatively easy to win a run with so
as a result we don't end up doing repeat
runs like we do with Lilith or you know
some other characters that tend to be a
little bit on the more difficult side so
he's kind of like you know we do one
Cain run and then we're set for two
weeks which is fine this time we've got
an actual to-do list we got to get that
negative sorted out if we can do uh hush
Oh Billy look at that piercing shots
right off the bat I like the ace of
spades
think more than the more than the master
of unlocking but it's closed like
they're both reasonably good I don't
think you can go wrong if we get like
Guppies tail we might feel a little
differently about the situation but for
now this is fine um it would also I mean
of course if we can get like mega
Satan's setup on this run that would
also be great but you know we got a we
got to play the cards were dealt we've
been trying to make mega Satan work and
it's not always coming through in the
clutch here we might be better off not
even trying to go for the angel room
mega Satan path but just going for like
self-sacrifice room path if you go down
a floored reset it resets yourself cells
it resets your self-sacrifice room path
so there progress rather so it can be a
little bit of a tricky enabler but it
seems okay so far the Sun is a little
better if we actually have a chance to
get an arcade on the next floor without
that chance we're a little bit bereft of
the same kind of value here but I mean
the Sun cards still really good we don't
need to do boss rush but we would like
to do the hush fight if possible
magician also not particularly strong uh
this floor is really like it's it sets
the tone in Tambor for the rest of the
run if we're able to get to that deal
with the devil I think we have every
chance available to win this run in a
pretty expedited fashion strong I mean
piercing shots are essentially one of
the most like underrated damage enablers
in the game I know I can say an enable a
lot here too low think of me local c'mon
homey enabled but we're actually like
able to spread our damage around so much
more effectively your brother Bobby
helps out with that zero percent
I think we want to do it like this you
know there there is a better way or a
faster way but there's no safer way than
this is hoping maybe we've got secret
room access secret room access gives us
nothing of value yet but there's always
a chance
bombs please two cents we get up to five
cents we can nail probably buy a spear
at hard from the shop or a bomb that
could give us more than one spear at
hard via like a multitude of different
chances but um I'd rather not cuz I
think we don't really need to right now
I don't like to spend money that isn't
necessary for our progress in the game
you know I'm not the kind I watch other
people play Isaac and I don't disagree
with them
by the way cuz a lot of these people are
probably better at Isaac than I am
they'll go to the shop and they'll have
a spirit art they'll buy like two spirit
hearts out of the shop via the reroll
machine I'm like it's not for me it's
just not the way I play the game one
spirit art valuable valuable enough but
they got more of a I'm a feast or famine
shopper and it's true in real life too
you know I it's not that good but I'll
take it
Necronomicon is also fine but whatever
I'm content you know if I've got like
any food I don't need to go to the
grocery store if my wife is like let's
go to the grocery store I'm like you
know what let's go to the grocery store
she's got a good point but if it's just
me I can wait it out for a while I don't
mind eating you know for breakfast and
lunch two tablespoons of peanut butter
each not exactly the picture of a
well-balanced macronutrient profile but
pretty low-maintenance
in that regard feel the same way about
the shop I'm like I don't need to buy
spirit arts when I could just keep five
cents and not get hit
it's probably a bad habit but I have a
feeling a lot of people out there are
like and that's why like you know
although I rail on Rob and Austin for
eating off paper plates I get it
especially in my younger days I used to
be in a similar boat did I ever use
paper plates no at least I mean I've
used paper plates in my life but did I
ever use them as my primary means of
consuming uh food no usually I tried to
use energy rich calorie etc see and see
you don't eat the plates is the thing
and I just failed linguistically at
getting that joke out there but I get it
cuz it's about like pseudo optimization
even if it is absolutely terrible for
the planet people have visited they make
like a false equivalency well they're
like will you use water when you do the
dishes use water to make paper you know
my this is a statistic I'm not making up
it takes 100,000 tons of water to make a
single sheet of toilet paper so just
think about that next time you're wiping
your butt that's why I don't wipe I just
get in the shower and I use only a
thousand liters of water to pressure
wash that okay look that's not true
neither is that statistic I don't want
to slander the the lumber industry or
the paper industry the pulp industry I
don't know it's a big part of my
provinces economy so I want to you know
papers got its place I'll admit you know
when I go to the when I go to the public
bathroom if they've got paper towels and
a hand dryer I use the paper towels it's
just faster I also think that they have
never made a hand dryer that works
properly I don't know why this is still
a problem in today's modern era like
recently that Dyson Airblade
has been you know making its way around
the the world you know I recently I mean
within the last 10 years that's like the
you know the cyber hand dryer you put
your hand in it goes like breeze it
shoots the water off that one almost
works I think mankind is almost hit like
a certain level of proficiency No thank
you sir with making with making hand
dryers there but apart from that the
ones that
the old you know length spout on the
nose and then you put your hands under
it you rub your hands under it as fast
as you can I think sometimes they
actually leave wetter than when you just
don't use the hand dryer to begin with
plus you know you got a busy public
bathroom they got like one or two hand
dryers takes 10-15 seconds to dry our
hands at those dad's a lot of overhead
to the whole bathroom game that's why
I'm a paper towel boy through and
through though I'm loath to admit
let's pop strength because I want to
finish this room quickly we got other
things to be gonna hold here magicians
not good it feels like I'm walking on
sunshine is actually not good either
it's like the most we've ever invested
into a single room here card wise we
need an orbital to make feels like I'm
walking on sunshine any good I also this
is definitely something we've touched on
on the show earlier but I was leaving an
engagement downtown the other day I was
was I walking fast did stations pass
while I was homebound
dududududududududududu yes to answer
your question well no stations passed I
I went to one station and then took the
Sky train back to the station closest to
my abode but anyway the point is when I
left a lot of people had to use the
bathroom I am going to go here so many
people were using the bathroom that all
the urinals were full if you're not
familiar with what a urinal is maybe
you're of the female persuasion or you
work in a country or live in a country
where urinals are not as common it's
basically just like a personal trough
that you urinate into as a man all the
urinals were taken I got no problem
using a stall I like to use a stall to
begin with because I'm like a triple Z
list celebrity so I do
I don't wouldn't say I worry but I've
given the choice I'm like I'd rather use
a stall just so somebody doesn't you
know TMZ had a picture of my junk
you know nothing I'm not trying to
flatter myself by saying that it's you
know scandal worthy I'm just saying you
know if I can avoid that why not
right I like the privacy all the stalls
were taken but I didn't realize until I
got right up almost inside a one because
one dude was in the stall peeing but
with the door open dad actually III
wanted to talk to him but you know it's
kind of a I don't know who he is and
it's kind of a strange question to ask a
stranger of a hey buddy what went
through your head when you went into the
private stall but left the door open to
pee
cuz I got a couple different options
here in my noggin man and tell me I want
you to like vote with which one you
think is correct okay one of them would
be why would I waste my time closing the
door
I'm just urinating if I was urinating at
a urinal there would be no privacy
anyway you think that's the I think
that's probably number one number two is
he's embarrassed that he's urinating in
his stall because stalls are poop
territory so he doesn't want anybody to
think he's pooping so he leaves the door
open that's number two number three is
this is gonna be a really impressive pee
so I want people to know that it was me
tell Cersei I want her to know it was me
that did this urination I just don't
understand cuz it takes I I understand
the time argument even though it's
stupid and I would tell him that to his
face or at least insinuated because how
long does it take the closes stall door
15 microseconds you know but I could use
those 15 microseconds to accomplish
thinking about a single flap of a
hummingbird's wings right it's just a
it's a nonsensical argument I really
think it's like a masculinity thing that
the dude is like wow I'm first off I'm
embarrassed but also I noticed our
damage got a little stinky there on that
floor let's keep it going here I think
it's a masculinity thing I think the
dude is saying I got punked out into
using a stall but I don't want anybody
to think that I need privacy to pee cuz
that's some betta nonsense so instead
he's like I'm gonna pee with the door
open like a real man which caring about
whether or not people
think you're a real man is an extremely
alpha thing to be like fully concerned
with whether or not other people think
you're a good dude that's the most alpha
thing ever being alpha is not caring
about what everybody else thinks that's
why I structure every action in my life
to give the appearance of me not caring
what everybody else thinks
what is this eye patch placement cane I
got a no by the way this run is also
granted deserve a run this great after
throwing the last one but I'll take it
either way well yeah I was just I was
struck it's like a crib Your Enthusiasm
moment but I lack the you know the humor
chops and then attacked or maybe perhaps
I have too much tag to really fully
Larry David it out there I think there
was another tinted rock back here I
think the strikes me as weird like right
when I go into the stall if I go into
there was no other tint to drive if I go
into a public bathroom and there's
nobody anywhere I take a stall I like
the privacy then I'm like 0% actually
ashamed of it I'm not gonna argue that
it's like the best way I think they're
both perfectly fine ways you know it's a
urinated a urinal it's a urinate in the
stall as long as you're not pooping at
the urinal that's the only thing that
you know what would really be cause for
alarm I would say do this is also a
pretty good early spacebar get
it worked um but I just I wanted to know
cuz essentially you're just making me
hear a little bit more urine than I
otherwise would or see a little bit more
urine than I otherwise would so I think
I have the right to at least to at least
ask you to back it up I'm not gonna say
you can't do that but I'd like to I'd
like to ask him the question just be
like what went through your head
explain to me cuz I think you know
you're a smart guy probably what's the
what's your reasoning for this specific
thing right here I'd like to know maybe
you guys in Chad have something everyone
thinks I'm being judgmental when I say
things like this and I am a hundred
percent However
I think I'm not saying this guy's a
moron I'm just saying I can't understand
the psychology without asking so this is
me asking this is me trying to learn and
do better in the future
got to exactly 15 cents here this run is
ballin so I don't use that word lightly
this is a baller run there's also a
library here it seems or at least a some
kind of special key room that we it's
not a library because it's double key
room stop running into enemies you idiot
it is a dice room okay so it'll reroll
all consumables on the ground in this
room only I don't want to re-roll nose
Goblin so it's pretty much useless right
now try this it's a two of spades
downtown ducka ducka down two down two
down and to take potato peeler I'm gonna
be an idiot because I I want to be this
allows us to get like a modest damage
upgrade that in hindsight is completely
irrelevant because we already have 18
damage but also a second level keep of
meat which is really just the first
level Cuba meat with the sprinkles on
top it also very much compromises our
chances of getting a deal with the devil
which sucks except oh my god the one
time I give up this much HP we get a
deal with our we get a boss fight that
has two blood banks on it that's just a
slap in the face there's like no other
way to
that it's the game insulting me we might
still take a deal with the devil in fact
especially with magic mush we probably
will yeah we definitely will we should
have played the blood bank a little bit
I guess in there but dude I mean like
look at this we got twenty nine damage
on the second floor pretty great
we could have also not taken sac dagger
and instead gone oh my lord oh my god
instead gone like heavy potato peeler
get a get a third level meat boy and I
actually think that's not what I'm gonna
do but I am gonna take Guppies head cuz
it's amazing we'll get rid of the pony
cuz we'll be able to fly on the next
floor if we get guppy items anyway so
this is just like a dream come true
anyway moving on here that's that's my
urinal story it's the only one that I
have it's the only one I get not much of
a story never makes you laugh a lot
guppy items on the curse room gonna be a
smokey run smokey run lucky the thing
with and I've never taken like an improv
class or anything like this so I might
be talking out of my butt but the thing
with improv I'm saying this definitively
as an expert is that you just got it you
got to trust your instincts and really
like have faith in yourself that
whatever word bubbles up to the surface
is actually gonna be relevant to the bit
at hand and in this case it was not and
all you know I'll beat myself up over
that later when I when I go back over
this video and you know punch it up
that's a Hollywood term for making your
script better yeah worth it we don't
really care about our shop like okay we
I think we should just pop two of Spades
even though it's a suboptimal time to do
it because we have to consider the fact
that we also have verb and if we get a
good pill we'd much rather have verb
available to us then
have a few extra keys because burp is
like exquisite could double an HP
upgrade could give us you know four
spirit hearts instead of two from balls
of steel for example and we aren't gonna
speed up a little bit through this run
the main reason why is very simple we
have 29 damage on the third floor so we
actually can't really go slow and I mean
we're doing kind of putting yourself in
a bit of a scary spot here HP wise but I
mean piercing shots that do thirty
damage each come on who say a note of
this right now nobody you know it's a
good run if we can kill mega fatty
within like under 30 seconds so the
dangerous part of this run is hopefully
right now hopefully and that's we're
quite fast as well
hopefully we're able to you know like
this is like the last point on a run on
this run i should say that's that has
our HP called into question so we're
gonna blow that out because if these
peels are good so it almost is but let's
check this first i mean obviously we
don't want to vert that I don't think I
want to vert 48-hour energy right now
like I'm happy to generate a fly army
but we can get better than six to nine
flies out of a verb pill
I think like I'm basically waiting for
balls of steel hpf tears up probably and
I like speed up is not even good enough
I don't even want to do that yet
oh especially because I just took damage
right there so we could die I really
really don't want to I've already got
magic much so and I'm not really worried
about mini mush so I'm not gonna blow up
those mushrooms hanged man is fine to
enter the curse room but we still need a
way out well let me use the chariot card
well how am I gonna use the charity card
if I had to hold hang the man to get it
well actually there is a way in
hindsight that was a pretty stupid
comment for me to make there is there's
completely away give me a moment here
first secret room that's okay never do
what I did there
having a brain fart secret room much
easier to find it there blow this up
shop does not contain a spear at heart
which was really kind of what I was
hanging my hat on life does go on Halo
of flies also lovely we will check our
double key room because we can yikes
yeah not not too good think around one
and a half spirit arts but it could be
wrong so first it's very simple you pop
hanged man grab the chariot enter the
room and then after you can enter the
gungeon if you'd like we're definitely
not gonna try to walk on that goose it's
potentially extremely deleterious pop
the cherry in an escape so we were able
to do that for free which is great
because we got to see that that room
contained for troll bombs which i think
was a big boon for us in our nihilistic
philosophy believing that there's no
benevolent ruler looking out for us
because if anybody out there had our
best interests in mind he probably
wouldn't let that room contain
absolutely nothing of value in fact
beyond that containing exclusively
things that are overall deleterious to
our chances for success but what do I
know
now pop this down here nothing still
you won't hear me complain too much
about a run that has 37 damage ever much
lace much lace much less on like the
third floor fourth floor so even though
we're still like really in tight here on
this run way ahead of schedule to curse
of the unknowns in a row kind of upsets
me cuz it's like at this point the game
is actually just actively trying to
screw me up try this on for size amnesia
lock down lock up so we could get a
second lock up and actually I would like
to I just don't know if I can afford to
cuz I really really want this verb pill
so hook me up with HP your boy is not in
a wonderful position in that department
probably but I don't know cuz the
dangled double curse of the unknown as
much as I'm trying
virus would be lovely so by taking that
pill we unfortunately did sort of screw
ourselves out of being able to get the
other luck upgrade right away but again
we're kind of shooting for the moon here
it's it's very strange to feel like we
have to focus on a on a run that is 37
damage but I do I do believe it's the
right call unfortunately so just stay
steady and we still have four bombs we
can use those to blow up blue fires
we're probably said we definitely need
this key by the way I'm like all in for
boss rush like doing boss rush our rate
of fire sucks
it's like triple the average start or
one third of the average rate of fire
however our damage is almost 10 times
the average rate of fire and unless we
get explosive oh our shots
go right through most enemies and if
they don't go through the enemy because
of X placebo or nose goblin they do a
lot of damage over time like we were
really we're getting paid at both ends
here so that's a real expression for
sure getting paid at both ends it has to
do with both back in the old railway
industry you know you'd work a day you'd
hop on the line you get off at another
station you work there but usually you
only got paid at one end but if you got
paid on two ends you know you were
working for a good company these six
actually also very tempting but you know
having flies that do 70 4.8 damage each
is also really tempting because it's
incredible so I think we'll stick with
that but of course there's always the
chance that we could use the d600 let's
go then we could use the d6 to create
items as we like a little bit more there
is a mom's bottle of pills play in there
no question oh dude starting to get
something good here sure we could take
blank card but we had it recently I mean
last time got this grab this still a ton
of money out not at I'm still a little
money to donate a ton is probably not
the right word
we picked up enough spirit arts there to
probably be in a good spot and look at
that we got a second what I assume is
the second health up indeed it is all
right so holding out for verb of course
it only paid out like well past the
point when we were scared but that's the
way the cookie crumbles sometimes if you
get that third level cube of meat here
and it got the item no Guffey we got two
HP I'm not taking candy and I'll take
goat head though we need this extra HP
for future deals with the devil
now we're golden we're in this look at
that seven and a half HP seven and a
half HP it's the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles theme song it's the world's most
stylish Windows theme dynamic
backgrounds 3d font scheme scrolling
screen savers in the pack don't forget
about the sound effects painkiller we
run pack with pack
ultra dynamic windows the heem ultra
dine I'll take it okay cuz first off
that's punishment for that bit going
nowhere but also I mean again most
enemies are gonna die like pretty much
as soon as the shot touches them so I
think we're beyond set in that
department oh don't mind if I do
we got golden bombs so I'm not sweating
the the ratio of fires to bombs at this
point we're also easily gonna make boss
rush this is one of the like objectively
strongest runs I've had in a long time
we did have one recently that was
amazing I do remember that but this is
also up there especially like oh we got
to take the negative especially when you
remember we got that goat head potential
of course we're gonna take copies
collars so now we're gonna get mobbed
avoid and I mean gotta take holy light
here but you are not wrong in suggesting
that it also probably would have been
sick
apparently oh ma just takes 80 years to
charge it also would have been sick to
get bloody lust we just don't have the
HP to really make it pop right now but
that's to like very good choices
I gotta be honest like I just look out
big plans for our damage here and buy
plans I mean I've got the hope that
we'll get more damage in the future even
though we're one shotting pretty much
every and every enemy you know if we're
fighting delirium actually you know what
that's what we should do on this run
forget the negative we got 40 damage
like force the hush into delirium play
we absolutely have the tools to make
that happen right now
I can't even see the run is so good I
have lost my vision it's only happened
to me once before
we're done already okay
holy water it's trash I mean you know
there's not too many holy water
apologists out there I think that are
like you're not giving that item a fair
shake
it's just not very good is it
offensively bad only when it shows up on
Angel roofs and you're like finally I've
gotten that angel room
what angelic pleasures await me oh it's
holy water
like that's that's where you get
offended not really gonna open golden
chests we still need keys to make the
the hush fight as strong as it could
conceivably be looks like there's a
spirit heart back there keep in mind
like ma the void can create demon hearts
just most enemies tend to die from the
first shot as opposed to just you know
giving us any chance at all to pick up
something from their body like again I
don't really care about the curse room
either the best we could do conceivably
is getting like the mark or something
like that but I don't think it's worth
the guaranteed loss of one spirit hard
to just have a chance to get what is
gonna be a pretty meager damage upgrade
at this point fourth level Cuba meat not
a common pickup we definitely do not
care about super guppy
oh you got the items making
transformations there's a boom boom boom
boom boom boom baby's got that super
guppy mmm it's not night really gonna
work
and I was at a reference to Nicki
Minaj's 2011 Jam Super Bass yes it is
although I think it's 2010 kind of
embarrassed actually that you didn't
know that so we're done with this floor
now we got to remember we have not done
hush we've not done delirium if we do
hush we will absolutely have the chance
to do delirium so I mean it's written in
the cards for us definitely not worth it
it's gonna go in here do this and then
actually we've got a great play on the
delirium floor because we have the
emperor card which basically is just a
glorified teleporter there but still
it's better than nothing maybe we can
get a per throw because those items are
garbage I'll try it we we we made it
work
so grab dice shard we roll these boys
take adrenaline the other question I
guess is do we care about fate because
we're already flying we have no reason
we don't get any value out of a red
heart I guess so let's just not do that
instead we'll donate as much as we can
this could be a good opportunity for us
to really make some headway on our
donation machine I'm gonna scripts it's
not a postage stretch it's an intra
Isaac stretch but the the difficult part
of the run is conceivably more or less
over we don't care about the chariot we
will care about mystery gifts but it's
sucked and we will also because we're
not doing anything else with our money
might as well take the Bible and really
the game plan is not to use that to fly
but rather to use that never because we
have Guppies head whoops
I was like I can't believe we've gone
through this whole run without a
spacebar item that doesn't seem right
and it's like wait a minute we just
bought the gifts did we use did we have
something else before the gift and
perhaps that was giving us infinity
flies um the answer of course being yes
however the Bible is like maybe it'll
create before not a huge get but again
what are we gonna do you can't take it
with you you die with 18 cents it's not
like it rolls over I don't know maybe
it's a good thing that Meat Boy has
chosen to maintain a non-aggression pact
with the hush here I'm not sure how it
relates to the super armor of the game
we're gonna be done with this fight in
like no time flat I don't think we
necessarily have a very Pro Delirium
bill I don't necessarily think we have
an ant's like a bad build for fighting
delirium the one sore spot as it stands
is I would still love to pick up like
some more rate of fire so our rate of
fire the present moment is adequate
considering our damage is 41 but it's
more than adequate however if we can get
like triple our rate of fire which I
know seems like a pipe dream if we could
triple our rate of fire we'd be in
heaven so we got like the d12 not my
favorite no spirit arts all right we're
out just make sure you're going delirium
path again we don't need the money
we might get money equals power it's
fairly unlikely kirsta the unknown is
horrible here just just god-awful
but the hero font isn't we've gone into
the starting room for her for the lamb
fight so the only way I will use the
emperor card is if I get into the
Delirium fight and it seems like we're
gonna lose I think right now like if we
get into the Delirium fight too early
we'll just fight it because I mean I run
is very strong if we get in there and
we're getting our butt kicked
I'll teleport out using the Emperor
until that moment comes though you don't
really need to worry which means
actually that if I could find it I would
love to replace the Emperor with a card
that's maybe a little bit more valuable
right now like I don't know the strength
card would it actually give us double
damage or damage multiplier considering
we already have magic much maybe yes
maybe no cage
well didn't even get a chance to attack
theirs bookworm what I thought we did we
pick up the sin book of sin the Bible
how to jump I must be mistaken
other people you know I watch a little
more streams than I used to other people
you know something bad happens to them
in the game they go home must be a bug
to thine own self be true right whenever
something bad happens to me in a game I
go what did I do
I I must in somehow be responsible for
this also I must somehow someway keep
coming up with funky-ass like every
single day may I kick a little something
for the Gees and take a few steps as I
breeze through 3:00 in the morning and
the party still jumping cuz my mama
ain't home I got people in my living
room getting it on and they ain't leavin
till 6 and the 6 in the mone so what you
gonna do see I got a pocket full of
rubbers and my homeboys do too so turn
off the lights and close the dole but
for what we don't love them though so
we're going to weigh an ounce to this
jeez up those down as my mom and friends
bounce to this look that just ate up
like a full minute of dead air Greed's
gullet showed up and I'm I'm not tempted
because I think that it's actually bad
for us right now however I'm going to
pick it up after we killed the lyrium
assuming weed that we can I think we can
leave after we fight delirium right and
because I want to knock it off the to-do
list it's not necessarily an item that
shows up very frequently
so especially I think it's in the secret
room pool so it might also be in the
item room pool but just one of those
things where you know having having gone
through this before if you see a rare
item even if it doesn't help you even if
it actively hurts you sometimes it can
be for the best to pick it up we're like
this is among the fastest runs I've ever
had against delirium
what's going on he's dead he's dead let
me out so usually for I think for
killing delirium do you get items or you
just get the trinkets I can't remember
dude how far did we run after getting
greens gullet I thought it was like five
rooms I guess we didn't have permanent
pulled or invincibility so there was not
much to worry about but I just I always
feel like with curse of the unknown you
want to be a little bit just a little
bit more concerned about the way your HP
looks versus the norm anyway we're out
that was a fun one
we have unlocked Silver Dollar
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks watching
and I will see you next time